# Influenza vaccination reveals sex dimorphic imprints of prior mild COVID-19 
This repository consists of scripts and workflows used for generating results, figures, and tables published in the article: Rachel Sparks, William W. Lau, Can Liu, ..., John S. Tsang. "Influenza vaccination reveals sex dimorphic imprints of prior mild COVID-19". Nature (2023). https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-022-05670-5

### Instructions
Please do the following in order to reproduce the figures shown in paper:
- download the Seurat object from GEO at https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/series/GSE206nnn/GSE206265/suppl/GSE206265_covid_flu.CITEseq.Seurat.obj.RDS.gz and place the unpacked RDS file in the data folder
- download additional datasets on Zenodo at https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5935844 (which resolves to the latest version of the upload) and place the files in the data folder
- for the Rmd file to compile, the project directory needs to be chosen as the knit directory
- follow any specific instructions on top of each script if provided

Please use the tables in the doc/figure.map.xlsx file to determine the code used for specific figures and their dependencies. Files generated by the scripts will be saved in the output folder that will be created automatically. Refer to the markdown reports in the docs folder for expected output.

### Terms of Use

By using this software, you agree this software is to be used for research purposes only. Any presentation of data analysis using the software will acknowledge the software according to the guidelines below. 

Primary author(s): Rachel Sparks, William W. Lau, Can Liu, John S. Tsang

Organizational contact information: Rachel Sparks (rachel.sparks AT nih.gov)

Date of release: Jan 4, 2023

Version: 1.0 

License details: see LICENSE file

Description: scripts used to generate figures and tables in the above publication

Usage instructions: Refer to README files in the specific folders 


### Disclaimer

A review of this code has been conducted, no critical errors exist, and to the best of the authors knowledge, there are no problematic file paths, no local system configuration details, and no passwords or keys included in this code. This open source software comes as is with absolutely no warranty.
